Lisk Documentation
==================
Tschakki Chuck<tschakki@asciidoctor.org>
:toc:

To onboard you efficiently, we’ve updated our documentation to reflect
the most common actions that developers take on our site. Now you can
easily find the information that is most relevant based on what you want
to learn.

emoji:bear[100x]

You can contact {author} at {email}.
{firstname} loves to hear from other chroniclers.

[plantuml]
----
:Alice: -> :Bob:
:bob: ..> :alice:
----

a chart:

[chart,line]
....
January,February,March
28,48,40
65,59,80
....


https://lisk.io/documentation/lisk-protocol[What is Lisk?] Our vision at
Lisk is to empower individuals to create a more decentralized, efficient
and transparent global economy. All of this isn’t possible without your
help.

=== Getting started

What are you here to learn how to do? We’ve tailored our getting started
guides directly to your needs.

[width="100%",cols="29%,71%",options="header",]
|===
|Action |Description
|link:build-blockchain-app.md[Build a blockchain application] |- Follow
the
link:build-blockchain-app.md#how-to-build-a-blockchain-application-with-the-lisk-sdk[Alpha
SDK step by step guide] - Check out the link:tutorials.md[Hello World
and Cashback tutorials]

|link:maintain-node.md[Maintain a node] |-
link:maintain-node.md#how-to-set-up-a-node[Deploy a node in less than 5
minutes] - Maintain your existing
[link:../lisk-core/administration/binary.md[Binary] |
link:../lisk-core/administration/docker.md[Docker] |
link:../lisk-core/administration/source.md[Source]] node

|link:interact-with-network.md[Interact with the network] |- Interact
through the https://lisk.io/documentation/lisk-core/api[API] and install
useful link:interact-with-network.md#a-use-the-command-line[tools] to
facilitate the process

|link:../lisk-protocol/introduction.md[Get to know the protocol] |Learn
the underlying logic and technical concepts behind the Lisk Protocol
including its link:../lisk-protocol/consensus.md[consensus algorithm],
link:../lisk-protocol/security.md[security],
link:../lisk-protocol/blocks.md[blocks],
link:../lisk-protocol/transactions.md[transactions] and
link:../lisk-protocol/p2p-communication.md[peer communications]
|===

=== Developer Tools and User Interfaces

For each tool we provide a general introduction, step-by-step guides and
detailed specifications.

[width="100%",cols="55%,45%",options="header",]
|===
|Tool |Description
|link:../lisk-sdk/introduction.md[Lisk SDK] |The Lisk SDK aims to
provide an easy and reliable software development kit for building
blockchain applications which are compatible with the Lisk Protocol.

|link:../lisk-sdk/introduction.md[Lisk SDK] >
link:../lisk-sdk/lisk-framework/introduction.md[Lisk Framework] |Lisk
Framework is an application framework responsible for establishing and
maintaining the interactions between the modules of a Lisk blockchain
application.

|link:../lisk-sdk/introduction.md[Lisk SDK] >
link:../lisk-sdk/lisk-elements/introduction.md[Lisk Elements] |Lisk
Elements is a collection of libraries, each of them implementing some
form of blockchain application functionality such as cryptography,
transactions, p2p, etc. Each library is designed to be compatible with
the Lisk Protocol.

|link:../lisk-sdk/introduction.md[Lisk SDK] >
link:../lisk-sdk/lisk-commander/introduction.md[Lisk Commander] |Lisk
Commander is a command line tool which allows you to manage a Lisk node
instance and interact with a Lisk compatible network.

|link:../lisk-core/introduction.md[Lisk Core] |The software needed to
run a node on the Lisk Mainchain.

|https://explorer.lisk.io/[Lisk Explorer] |Lisk Explorer is a tool that
visualizes the vast information from Lisk’s blockchain.

|https://lisk.io/hub[Lisk Hub] |Lisk Hub is the official desktop wallet
that enables you to send LSK tokens, vote for delegates and much more.

|https://lisk.io/hub[Lisk Mobile] |Lisk Mobile is the official Lisk
wallet for iOS and Android.
|===

=== How to Contribute

Thanks to our developer community, there are over 80 tools built that
you can make use of. There are several ways to participate as a
developer:

[width="100%",cols="43%,57%",options="header",]
|===
|How |Where
|https://github.com/LiskHQ/lisk-sdk[Contribute to the codebase]
|https://github.com/LiskHQ[LiskHQ Github] is the place to be! Be sure to
follow our
https://github.com/LiskHQ/lisk-sdk/blob/development/docs/CONTRIBUTING.md[Contribution
Guidelines] before submitting any code.

|https://github.com/LiskHQ/lisk-docs/[Suggest edits to documentation]
|Contribute to the https://github.com/LiskHQ/lisk-docs/[Lisk
Documentation] on Github! Be sure to follow our
https://github.com/LiskHQ/lisk-docs/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md[Contribution
Guidelines] before submitting any code.

|https://research.lisk.io/[Propose ideas to improve the protocol]
|Discuss future changes of the protocol with our research team and
community members at https://research.lisk.io/[research.lisk.io].

|https://blog.lisk.io/announcing-lisk-bug-bounty-program-5895bdd46ed4[Hunt
for bugs] |We value community contributions to the mission of building
and maintaining a secure network. Read the submission guidelines to get
started.
|===

=== Resources

We’ve put together a link:resources.md#resources[list of helpful links]
that will guide you to the appropriate forum to
link:resources.md#community[get your questions answered] quickly.
